dear god I just thank you for this day
and I just ask that you will bless the
pastor today please give them the words
to say let's open our hearts and our
minds what you want us to learn today
organ use assets and your Sanji's close
eyes and brows this evening we have
gotten the single right now work to hear
a rainbow work touch the pasta heal his
body and take the shackles off his feet
so he can marry us you heard that what I
said dance we're talking about a praise
break give them a little seat and get
our glorious we love you God
coz I've been all summer you've been
magnificent you've been on Everton I'm
nimble Timmer
[Music]
Lord and I just asked God that he will
just send her companionship and sent her
and someone to just talk with her
tomorrow when she's alone please just
comfort her her heart or soul or spirit
and please just heal her little body
lord thank you for raining
these guys
aloe vera you know from the diabetes
kind of the word doesn't say hop on you
would know
[Music]
open the door to whatever job you have
hey Lord you know you know the situation
and you know the need law you know the
need Lord you know that to cover this
barren morning you know Lord I put the
resume together or don't know I don't
have the education look but you said
Lord you will make a wheel in the middle
of a little all you said the two will
put me in front of my enemies nor do I
know they're not my enemies at that old
job look but I need the job father so I
can gain some meaning me so I can break
is that on a steep on oh my God we're
not going for the enemy Lord let him
have the Red Sox from the University of
Phoenix Lord oh my god I just believe
you all today Jesus that you gonna
deliver us that I sold my seed ah I saw
it sorry but I need you to come through
[Music]